We've arrived.
It's raining so much.
The movers must be having a hard time.
Are they done already?
Are you done already?
-We haven't started yet.
-Why not?
We need this car moved
to place the ladder,
but he hasn't answered in an hour,
and no texts either.
But it's raining so much…
Hello? Hello…
What the hell?
So rude.
I don't believe this guy.
Christ.
Jesus.
Hey.
You, there.
-Me?
-Yeah, you.
How could you not answer
when you were home?
I couldn't move for an hour
because of your car.
I left it on vibrate.
The driver even announced it
on a megaphone.
I didn't hear it.
Soundproofing is great here.
Happy?
I don't believe it.
-About what?
-Is it so hard to apologize?
Why should I apologize?
You should be apologizing to me.
You disturbed my Sunday morning sleep,
made me waste gas
on a perfectly parked car,
and you'll be noisy all day
moving your crap.
-Am I right?
-Just use your words!
I am.
Then why poke me with your finger?
You should work out.
-What?
-You need to exercise.
Honey.
Good afternoon.
This must be your family. Welcome.
Are you fighting?
Come on. Adults don't fight.
We weren't fighting.
Going up.
Going down.
It's raining cats and dogs.
Are you moving in today?
Yes, hello. Do you live here?
-Yes.
-I'm 501. Nice to meet you.
You as well.
My goodness. They say you'll be rich
if you move on a rainy day.
Thank you.
-Okay, bye.
-Take care.
HUN'S SNACK BAR
-Hello, there.
-Hello.
Seong-hun, when you're hungry,
microwave the rolls, okay?
-Okay.
-And don't open the door to strangers.
Okay. Hurry back.
Close the window. You'll get wet.
-Okay.
-Bye.
So comfy.
Because it's our home.
What a pretty home.
So warm and cozy.
-Because it's our home.
-Our home.
Dad, when does the TV get hooked up?
Su-chan, just look at our home.
TV!
-TV!
-Here, Su-chan.
Now that you have time
before and after work,
get some exercise and study English.
Do everything that you want to do.
We pay a maximum mortgage.
We're now penniless.
I'll make the money for your lessons.
Nice to hear
that your wife will bring home the dough?
Yeah.
First breakfast in years.
Since the office is so close,
I get these perks.
-Su-chan, breakfast.
-Okay.
All right.
Eat plenty.
Wanna see something cool?
What is it?
The movers didn't do their jobs?
They didn't level the table?
No. Same thing on the floor too.
Hey, not in the middle of breakfast.
PERFECT HEALTH GYM
You don't have to look so surprised.
I wasn't surprised at all.
You totally were. Come. Come on in.
You decided wisely. You need to work out.
I'll give you a discount.
Are you the boss here?
No, but something similar.
I'm a personal trainer.
I'm gonna be late. I'll think about it.
What a stupid excuse.
Excuse me.
Good. You made the right call.
No. By any chance…
Yeah. Sign up by any chance.
-Our home, home.
-What about it?
Is our place tilted?
Why would our building be tilted?
For exanple, have you noticed
objects rolling around the living room?
No. My living room is level.
-If you have a marble--
-Hey!
Do I look like
I play with marbles at my age?
-No.
-Good. Then sign up.
Late! I'm so late. What am I doing?
What are you doing?
-Mr. Park?
-Yeah?
-I heard you bought a home in Seoul.
-Yeah.
Congrats. Why didn't you tell us?
Congratulations.
It's no biggie.
-Congratulations.
-Thank you all.
For becoming a homeowner
and a citizen of Seoul,
a round of applause.
Applause. He bought a home.
Stop it. It's not a big deal.
-Which district?
-Jangsu.
Where Jangsu Industrial Park is?
It went away long ago.
When I was young,
my dad scrapped his car there.
The junkyards disappeared a long time ago.
It's an eco-friendly area now.
Didn't people protest there
over subway noise?
Why would there be subway noise?
It's a new building,
with two or three layers of soundproofing.
Even if a war breaks out,
we wouldn't know.
-Is that your home?
-No.
Look at that ball roll all by itself.
Is that a living room or a soccer field?
When should we have a housewarming party?
-Faster the better.
-Okay, I got your vote.
Get back to work.
You're gonna break it.
If the home is tilted,
the frame will be misaligned.
Are you satisfied?
Excuse me?
Anyone here?
Did you make an appointment?
Did it online. Fifty percent off.
-Very good.
-Me too!
Wouldn't it look nice
on our wall like that?
-It looks good.
-Right?
The photographer is really good.
He must be a cool guy.
Hello?
You're always surprised to see me.
Where's the owner?
-I'm the owner.
-Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
What a cutie.
What about the gym upstairs?
A friend runs that. I sometimes help out.
But this is my main business.
You look handsome.
Set.
Good composition.
Ma'am, your figure is lovely.
Sir, are you uncomfortable?
Could you just take it?
Okay, I'll capture your stiff face
in this harmonious family photo.
What a shame.
Smile, please.
Very good. Here we go.
That's perfect. Very good.
Seoul looks prettier in the rain.
We moved here with nothing,
and it took us 11 years to buy our home.
You did well.
It's all thanks to you.
I'm more thankful. Let's drink.
I have to drive.
We're in Seoul. We can get temp drivers.
-I'll pay.
-Shall we, then?
Drink.
Me too.
-Cheers.
Where are you?
I'm almost there. I see you.
I see you.
I'll do my utmost
to drive you home safely.
Good evening.
Hey, there. Good evening.
Surprised again.
Speed limit is 60 kilometers an hour
up ahead.
Stop.
Stop!
The camera. It caught us.
-The red-light camera got us.
-Not at all.
I saw the flash go off.
No, it didn't get us.
You should've stopped at yellow.
Why didn't you?
Some stop at yellow,
others drive through it.
I drive through yellow.
The traffic law states that you must stop.
You can drive through.
I'm gonna find it. I'll find the clause.
I found it.
Here.
See? Take a look.
We've arrived.
It states that one must stop
at a yellow light.
Su-chan, welcome home.
-Thank you.
-Head on inside.
Look here.
Do you need anything?
We all pooled our money
to buy you something.
-How much?
-Under 200,000 won please.
Two hundred thosand won?
Can you go help her?
Eun-ju, leave that. I'll take care of it.
-It's okay. I can do it…
-Okay.
Damn that giraffe.
A blender or a hot-water pad.
-Can't I just get it in cash?
-I'm gonna engrave your name on it.
Give me the cash.
There's something I want,
but I'm a little short.
What's this?
A housewarming gift from my colleagues.
It looks expensive.
Who knows?
I do all the hard work,
and you get awarded?
It's for everyone.
Dad, I wanna try it.
-No kids allowed.
-Boo!
Let him try it.
You said it's for everyone.
Not for the wife either.
You can sleep there till the end.
Let's go.
Wait a minute. How did this happen?
I don't think it was a rock…
Slammed into it?
Sir!
It wasn't me.
Then who else?
It really wasn't me.
Replace it soon. Should I report it?
Report me for what?
What's that look?
Have fun then.
I'll clean it up, but…
Having the right neighbors
is so important.
It's a new five-story building.
Can the city conduct a safety inspection?
Repairing defects?
Have a meeting with residents
and get everyone's consent?
It's a defect repair procedure.
To be honest, there are some problems.
What's wrong with it?
All the windows are hard to open,
and the building is not level.
It means the building is tilted.
-How could it tilt?
-Isn't our home okay?
If there are rumors of defects,
our home values will drop.
Our windows are also stiff.
How's 202? Are you okay?
I'm rarely home because of my shop.
What about 502?
I get so much cigarette smoke
from downstairs
that I don't remember
the last time I opened my windows.
Did you hear that, 401?
No one at my home smokes.
Who else would smoke then?
You look like a chain smoker
even at first glance, no?
What the…
I quit smoking years ago. I don't smell.
Smell me then.
I smell it. Can you tell?
Stop. No need to fight.
So she's the one wearing the pants, huh?
Please, let's not argue. Stop arguing!
She's making accusations!
I hate getting accused more than anything!
I don't believe this.
I'll enroll you
into a civil servant academy next month,
so don't worry.
You don't have any money.
I got so many calls
after handing out flyers.
If you need to smoke,
smoke on the roof.
The people upstairs
complained about the smell.
They were making
a lot of fuss over nothing.
I don't smoke.
Right? You don't smoke. I knew it.
I've had it with 502.
Seung-tae, I'll shut up. Finish your meal.
So?
-Get the presents.
-Clean neighborhood, right?
It's quiet. Nice place to raise kids.
Very calm.
What's this?
The lady in 301 kept complaining.
It's plastic used for making kimchi.
It won't be noticeable.
It's super noticeable.
Yeah, of course it's a little noticeable.
It's not glass.
You're really anal.
I haven't seen
a plastic sheet like that in so long.
Having a housewarming, huh?
Yes. Hello.
We're the department chief's colleagues.
You're a department chief?
Good work.
One second.
I found some defects. Take a look.
The garbage area there,
it's got some cracks.
And more at the entrance
of the parking lot, see?
Upon closer inspection,
this building is a mess.
Another one here.
This is the current situation?
It's so current. It's happening right now.
It's not a problem now,
but it'll be a problem later.
-This is bad. Look at that.
-I got more. Look.
Great work. Thank you.
Look at it. Cracks all over.
Right here.
Just look at that.
That's really bad.
Can people live here?
No need to buzz in.
You can go in like this.
Go ahead.
All right.
There you go.
-Thank you.
-So many gifts…
-Welcome.
Good afternoon.
-Congratulations!
Please come in.
-It's huge and spacious.
-Please come in.
-Smells so good.
-I didn't prepare much.
-Come in.
-Hello.
Hello.
How much do you think that costs?
-Three billion won?
-Incredible.
What's incredible?
That.
Doesn't it look like Everest?
You know where it is,
but it's unreachable.
You can't buy that
even after winning the lottery.
Think I don't know
those apartments are good?
I don't buy it because I can't.
You still should've done it,
even if you had to take out a huge loan.
His mother bought one this year
for 450 million won.
-Don't talk about that.
-It went up by 200 million in six months.
-Two hundred million?
-Two hundred million.
-Yes.
-Went up by 200 million won…
Damn, my mortgage was…
Eun-ju!
Don't leave your seat when drinking.
Come back.
I want to be alone.
All of sudden?
Yes.
Her glass is empty.
Seung-hyeon,
go fill her cup and bring her over.
Where are you going?
Bathroom.
I gotta get the watermelon
from the fridge.
Jeong. Why aren't you drinking?
I have to drive later. Coke's fine.
I'll get you a temp driver.
I only drank Coke all night.
-It's all right.
-It's okay.
-I know a guy.
-Crap.
YELLOW LIGHT TEMP DRIVER
Let me see.
Here it is.
-Super fast.
-I'm taking herbal medicine.
-It's all right.
-I'm really okay. Please.
What?
I'll drive you home safely.
You're here! You came!
Good thing you called.
You mustn't drive
after drinking like this.
He's someone who runs yellow lights,
so watch him carefully, got it?
Honey?
-Did you have dinner?
-I'll have some.
Okay.
-Bro.
-Yeah?
The plastic sheet guy is here.
Let me offer you a drink.
No. I have to drive.
I have your dinner ready.
Shall I, then?
Have a drink. Cheers.
-Cheers.
Jeong, why aren't you drinking?
Since the driver's here…
All right. Then cheers.
Why are you whispering?
What was that about?
-Are you two dating?
-Nope.
-No way.
-Come on, Mr. Park.
You're talking nonsense.
Nonsense?
You're gravely mistaken.
I am?
Are you drunk?
No, sir.
We're in love.
You son of a bitch!
What's wrong? They're dating.
I'm sorry, Mr. Kim.
Don't say my name. You're dead to me.
Hyo-jeong. Hey!
Don't say her name, asshole!
Wait. I need to drive you.
Seung-hyeon, don't go!
You'll feel more pitiful!
Drink.
Just drink.
You should head home too.
One mustn't overstay one's welcome.
Where do you live?
-Junggye district.
-Junggye…
Rocking chair lady, where do you live?
-Anyang.
-I see.
Give me your keys.
I'll hit Anyang, then Junggye.
I didn't bring a car.
Why not?
I don't have one.
Then let's take my car, hit Anyang,
Junggye, and back to Jangsu.
That's 40,000 and 50,000, so 90,000.
but I'll give it to you for 80,000 won.
Eighty thousand won?
That's the gas cost.
Stay the night. I got three rooms.
Wow.
You need to get home.
Your parents must be so worried, no?
I live alone.
Oh, alone…
I've got three rooms.
Su-chan sleeps in his room,
my wife and I sleep in the master bedroom,
and Seung-hyeon and Eun-ju
can sleep in the guest room…
What?
Once more.
Once more--
Su-chan sleeps in his room,
you and Seung-hyeon sleep in the master,
your wife and that single lady
sleep in guest room.
And I sleep in my own damn bed!
This guy is so smart!
Where's Jeong?
-Very good.
-Careful.
Mom, careful.
Hey, we're heading out now.
I forgot about a meeting I have to attend.
You know Mom doesn't forget Saturday.
She waits all week long
to go to the bathhouse.
Then take her yourself.
Fine. I'll take care of it.
HONEY
Your call cannot be connected…
-No answer.
-Try again.
Good morning.
You're so courteous.
Yep.
Oh no. Got no water either?
No.
Since there's no running water,
we're going on vacation.
To the sauna.
A two-day sauna vacation.
That must be nice.
I guess our building does have defects.
-Will you stop talking about that?
-Why?
Let's get going.
-Okay.
-Goodbye.
-Take care!
-Bye.
Mom, since he's not answering,
should I go fetch a cart?
-Can you do it?
-Yep.
My son's all grown up.
-Go ahead.
-Careful.
-Okay.
Dang it.
I just have to cross a bridge.
I see you.
-Please hurry.
-Okay.
It's rush hour, so the road's packed.
Oh, today's Saturday.
Sir, be careful!
I'll be right there.
Sir, I actually left my bag.
Could you turn around and wait?
I'll be right back. I'm sorry.
I'll be back shortly.
Dang it.
Hello? Anyone home?
Do you have running water?
Why is no one home?
Eun-ju.
Eun-ju, my bag…
-Good morning.
-Hey there.
-Su-chan.
-Yeah?
If you see me a dozen times a day,
will you greet me a dozen times?
Yes.
The son is so courteous and respectful,
but the father is a jerk face.
Dad is sleeping.
-Su-chan, do you have running water?
-Nope.
502 NOT HOME
Jerk face…
I'm so tired.
Which bastard was smoking on the roof?
Is this the pump room?
Sorry about that.
I'm not a chump. I'll take care of it.
I don't believe it.
I'm running out of time.
Hello there, sir.
Do you have running water
in your building?
We got jack shit.
-Good flow.
-We got water.
That's enough. No need to spray me.
Please stop.
What the hell?
Help me!
Sir, please call 911!
Mom…
Sir, call 911!
Yeong-yi. Su-chan!
Su-chan.
Where are you?
Byeong-cheol, listen to me very carefully.
I don't think
I can emcee your wedding today.
What are you saying?
I'm buried deep underground.
Get buried for good, asshole.
I'm serious, punk!
Call 911!
What the hell!
Please save me.
Come on, taxi! Save me and take me home.
Don't come.
Stop!
What the hell is this cab?
Rocking chair.
Mr. Park. Help me!
Why are you in there?
I don't really know. Open this door!
Right, the door.
Sir, pull. Don't move, taxi.
Pull! Please! Pull! Harder!
Seung-hyeon!
Son of a bitch!
Seung-hyeon.
-You're a killer.
-Don't give up. I'll save you.
-Seung-hyeon.
-Please! No!
Seung-hyeon!
Seung-hyeon.
Get out.
Thank you, Mr. Park.
Hello?
-Honey?
-Help me!
Yeong-yi!
Sir…
Honey!
What the…
Eun-ju?
-You okay?
-Yes.
Have you seen my family?
How long
until the rescue team can descend?
At least a day, sir.
Evacuate the residents
and verify casualties.
Right away, sir.
POLICE
I'm alive. I made it.
-Su-chan! Over here!
-Are you in there?
I saw him! I saw the boy…
Su-chan…
-Who are you?
-I saw him.
I was in front of 502,
and he came out of your home.
I saw him get on the elevator,
and I went to the roof.
This happened a few minutes after that…
Su-chan should be safe.
He should be okay.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Stop it. It hurts.
Seung-tae. Where is he?
Seung-tae, my son!
Seung-tae!
-Who's Seung-tae?
-Seung-tae!
This way.
-Over here.
Seung-tae!
-Seung-tae.
Seung-tae.
-Seung-tae!
Seung-tae!
New… New Balance.
New Balance!
New what?
What balance?
No New Balance!
No New Balance…
Whose sneakers?
Seung-tae's shoes aren't here.
He must've gone to the Internet café.
Very good. He did a good thing.
This really must be a sinkhole.
-Sinkhole?
-Looks like we dropped about 500 meters.
It wasn't an earthquake or a war?
I'm sure it's a sinkhole.
Where are you going?
We might a get signal on the roof.
You might get your head busted.
-We should go too.
-I'm not going. It's dangerous.
But you're a yellow-light runner.
This is a red light. You must stop.
The ground is unstable.
Do not drop your guard.
Danger! Pull!
Pull them up!
Get the ambulance and evacuate at once!
-Careful.
-It's dangerous. Be careful.
Don't go.
It's dangerous there.
-You're not going?
-I…
-You stay right here.
-Thank you.
-Eun-ju, do you have a signal?
-I got nothing.
-Be thorough.
-Okay.
You'll find the spot.
Have you seen anything like this?
-I've seen it before.
-When?
When I was nine, I fell into a well.
-A well?
-Yes.
I crawled out of there.
I can do it here too.
Help! Please help!
We're trapped down here! Help!
-Please help!
Send help!
-Help us!
-Help!
Help!
You should've gone home
when I offered to drive you.
Eighty thousand won isn't all that much.
What do you mean?
I offered to drive you
and that single lady.
I could've hit Anyang, then Junggye.
It would've cost you 80,000
instead of 90,000.
But you said it was too expensive
and you didn't want to leave.
I did?
No, your boss did.
Me?
You don't remember?
You were so drunk and said,
"Eighty thousand won?"
You said that shit.
Eun-ju, did I say that?
Yes.
Wait.
I need help! Over here!
-That voice sounds familiar.
-I'm over here!
-Is that you, Seung-tae?
-Over here!
Dad!
-Son. Hang in there.
-Dad!
Seung-tae!
-Was it an earthquake?
-It's a sinkhole.
-Sinkhole?
-Yeah.
-You weren't at the Internet café?
-I quit gaming.
-What were you doing up here?
-Getting some air.
Why didn't you go to the Internet café?
You told me not to go.
Of all days, why did you listen to me?
My goodness.
Are you hurt at all?
Are you okay?
Let's think about
what we should do from here.
We're in a disaster.
Let's look for survival supplies.
Things like water, food,
first aid and dry sheets.
Then we have to let people know
we're alive down here,
so we'll take turns to stay here
and send a flashlight signal
when we see someone up there.
Where did you learn all that?
I learned it on YouTube from Bear Grylls.
-That's weird.
-What is?
He doesn't have any friends.
He's always at Internet cafés
or on his PC at home.
Maybe a foreigner.
But he doesn't speak English.
We're never getting out.
The area surrounding the sinkhole
is extremely dangerous,
so it's hard to figure out
what's happening inside.
Once we evacuate everyone here,
we'll attempt to head down,
so please trust us and be patient.
Please help them.
We'll do our best.
First, we need to figure out
who's inside the sinkhole.
Please state their names one at a time.
Lee Seong-hun, ten years old,
apartment 202.
Park Dong-won, 37, 501.
I'm sorry, Seung-hyeon.
And you too, Eun-ju.
I shouldn't have had a housewarming.
I never imagined I'd die in your home.
You're not gonna die.
It took 11 years to buy this place,
and this happened after two weeks.
It's too unfair for me to die.
So don't even think about dying.
I try not to think about it…
but I keep seeing myself die.
Think about Hyo-jeong. You like her.
What's the point?
She's going out with Jeong.
It's not like they're getting married.
Get out and tell her how you feel.
You heard him.
Jeong's got an apartment too.
I rent a studio apartment.
You can't date if you're not a homeowner?
Value shot up by 200 million won!
Don't beat a dead horse.
I just want to die!
I rent a studio apartment too.
So people like us
aren't allowed to get married?
A studio becomes two bedrooms,
then three bedrooms.
Yeah, Eun-ju's right.
I started with a studio,
then moved up to three bedrooms.
But it took you 11 years!
And look at your three-bedroom apartment…
Seung-tae. Hey.
Seung-tae.
-What's up?
-I gotta find something.
Hurry out. Rocks are falling.
I'll be right out.
They really want us to die, huh?
What the hell…
EMERGENCY EVACUATION BUS
Why is the rescue taking so long?
Feels like it's been a month.
It hasn't even been a day.
They must know we're alive, right?
They have to.
Let's wait patiently.
This is expired. Toss it.
Who cares about that at a time like this?
You're really sensitive.
I get constipated
if I eat stuff like that.
At 10:50 a.m.
in the Jangsu District today,
a giant sinkhole emerged.
An entire low-rise apartment
has sunk completely in it.
The sinkhole was likely created
when the ground gave way
and consumed a newly built
Chungwoon villa.
We are currently investigating
the scope of damages.
Thirty-two people with minor injuries
and seven people with serious injuries
have been transferred to 12 hospitals…
JANGSU HOSPITAL MEDICAL SUPPORT
They're probably starving down there.
What's this?
Mud-roasted chicken.
Let's all eat.
Hold on.
Here. Eat.
Hey, 501.
eat this.
Let's eat.
That's the rocking chair you bought?
Yeah.
I wanted a good chair
when I bought a home.
Not something
that got banged up when moving.
Something good
that I could pass on to my son.
You can buy another one when we get out.
I don't have a home now.
The rain stopped.
It finally stopped.
Don't worry.
The rescue team will come get us soon.
Seung-hyeon, you're single, right?
-Yes.
-Don't get married.
I won't be able to.
No home, no future.
I was so jealous
when Mr. Park said he bought a home.
-You bought it? You bought your home?
-Yes.
-How much?
-Three hundred and ninety million won.
It went up already?
How much did you pay?
I'm leasing. 850,000 won
with 30 million won deposit.
So cold.
We've got a lot to burn.
Toss in some more wood.
There's a lot of firewood.
What are these?
Let's chop these up and burn them.
Hurry.
Geez, man.
This thing's useless.
It's so damn sturdy.
-What's wrong?
-I think we lost connection with it.
That's bad.
It's 911.
Dad! 911 is here!
Dad, 911 is here!
-What?
-911!
Hey! 911's here!
-Come on out! 911!
-911 is here!
Rescue's here!
Where? Where's 911?
-Over here.
-What?
Where?
This is 911?
-It says 911 on it!
-We're saved!
We're saved!
It fell down the sinkhole.
GPS signal is low here,
so they lost control.
The hole is so wide, why can't they?
Just like how you lose the GPS
in tunnels and mountains.
We're at least 250 meters under,
so there's no signal.
Is the camera working?
Citizens of Korea, please help us!
There are five survivors!
I'm Kim Seung-hyeon, 33!
I don't live here.
-Is this yours?
-Mind your own business.
Why is there money…
Hold on! Come this way!
Hold on to this.
Get over here.
Seung-hyeon!
Mr. Kim!
-Help me.
-Mr. Kim!
Don't go. Please.
Eun-ju, don't dodge rocks!
Catch this!
Mr. Park, pull the rope!
Sir!
Help me!
Pull the rope!
Help me! Please!
Seung-hyeon, I'm coming! Hang in there!
I'm hanging! Hanging by a thread.
Pull!
I'm coming up! Do it together!
Pull.
I'm coming up. Good!
Please help! Help!
It hurts!
My arm!
Eun-ju, hold on tight.
-Man-su!
Dad!
-I'm fine.
-Dad!
Dad, don't move!
You'll sink more if you move!
-Dad.
-It's okay. I'm fine…
-Dad!
-No!
Dad.
Dad!
Seung-tae!
Seung-tae.
Head. Pull your head up.
Seung-tae, my son.
I'm sorry, Son. I'm so sorry.
Dad!
-Dad.
-Seung-tae.
Dad! No!
-Man-su!
-Seung-tae!
-Where are you?
Man-su, breathe.
Man-su. Wake up.
Are you okay?
Snap out of it!
Seung-tae.
-Seung-tae. How is he?
-Seung-tae.
He's awake!
-Your son's okay. Are you okay?
-Are you okay?
Seung-tae…
He's all right.
Are you okay?
Wires are supporting the building,
but it may not hold long.
Isn't that ours?
It returned home!
They work with my husband, Hong and Kim.
I don't see my son, Seong-hun.
That's the end of the clip.
What about Seong-hun?
I'm sorry. That's all that was recorded.
Seong-hun.
Sir.
I don't think my husband
and my son are together.
Please help.
You said your son has
your cell phone, right?
Yes.
What is life?
When I was running a restaurant…
I never cooked my son a proper meal.
Why didn't I?
When Seong-hun comes up,
I'm gonna get rid of the restaurant…
and stay with him forever.
That's what I'm gonna do.
We tracked your cell phone's location.
Its last known location was…
inside the building.
Oh, no.
It can't be.
There's one good thing
about a home with a hole.
What?
I get to see my son sleep for once.
Thank you, 501.
I'm gonna pay you back.
We have to get out of here
before we do anything.
911 sent a drone. What does that mean?
They know we're here now.
I hope all the other residents are okay.
Don't worry.
I banged on all the doors in the morning.
No one was home at all.
Maybe because there was no running water.
Really?
That's a relief.
I was really worried.
Is that your mother?
Do you have any difficulties
working at the office?
Tell me if you have any.
Difficulties?
You know those holiday gifts
our office sends out?
I'd like to send one to my parents.
I've never sent one before.
I don't think they do that for interns.
My phone's at 3%.
Should we listen to music
or take a selfie?
Selfie.
This just in.
Survivors have been found in the sinkhole.
The disaster response team
is working towards rescuing them.
But with additional cave-ins
and heavy rainfall tonight,
they're facing an uphill battle.
There are survivors
currently in the sinkhole.
If the adjacent building sinks too,
it'll be disastrous.
Even so,
who'd agree to blow up
a perfectly good building?
As I mentioned before,
we're not blowing it up.
We would collapse the pillars
and neutralize the weight
away from the sinkhole.
If we don't do that,
your building too will fall in.
Will you only rescue them?
We have a right to live too. Am I right?
-Of course.
-My gosh.
Until our homes are secured,
we can't agree to this, right?
Sure. I can't agree to that.
Let me say something.
There was a man on the roof.
He kept looking at me as he went down.
We locked eyes, and I felt so bad for him.
It took me 20 years to buy my home.
But if I don't agree to this,
I may go to hell.
I agree to your plan.
ETA on the satellite phone
and survival kits?
We're attaching parachutes.
It'll take some time.
The rain will start soon! Get on it now!
Right away, sir.
Deploy.
Take these. They're yours.
You saved up by not going on trips
or buying books.
Take them.
Seung-tae, can I ask you something?
Sure.
Why did you save all that?
My dream was to save up 100 million won.
That was your dream? 100 million won?
-Yeah.
-And after that?
I don't know.
You're so lame.
Seung-tae, look at that.
Dreams are like stars.
They're supposed to be far away.
Dad, the star's getting closer.
Why would a star get closer?
Are you drunk?
What's that? Something fell.
We're saved.
This means we will be rescued soon.
Thank you.
This water is so sweet.
-What's that?
-Satellite phone.
I got a signal.
I can make calls?
Mom!
Mom…
It's not her. Her number is…
-It wasn't your mom?
-It was a man.
Here. Call home.
It's okay.
If I call now,
they'll just be more worried.
I'll return to the surface
and see my mom.
Hyo-jeong.
Yeah, I'm with Mr. Park, and Eun-ju.
We're all good.
Thank you for thinking of us.
I called to tell you something.
You know that Thanksgiving gift list?
Put Eun-ju on the list.
Barbecue set, maybe? Korean beef.
Don't forget to put
the company name on it. Bye.
Here. Call your wife.
What the…
-Answer.
-Hello?
This is the rescue team. Can you hear me?
Thank you! I'm Park Dong-won.
There are five survivors.
Is everyone okay? Any injuries?
Yes, everyone's okay.
Let me go inside.
-I have to save my boy.
-Mr. Park!
We'll be there in an hour. No, 30 minutes.
Is Su-chan down there?
Yeong-yi?
What do you mean?
Didn't he go shopping with you?
He took my cell phone.
His last known location
was inside the building.
Honey, he's down there.
Didn't you see my boy
taking the elevator outside?
Yeah. Why?
He's missing. He never went to my wife.
What do you mean? I really saw him.
Mr. Park!
We'll rescue the child.
You must stay in place.
Mom…
Mr. Park…
Be careful.
Go slow.
Hold on tight! Easy. Be careful!
Are you okay?
Yes.
There should be a hatch
to get inside. Open it.
-Do you see it?
-Yes.
Descend.
It's falling over! Stop!
Pull him up!
-Seung-tae, get inside.
-And you?
I have to hold on to this.
-Go inside with him.
-Seung-tae.
No!
-Su-chan!
-Dad!
Dad!
Wait for me.
Seong-hun. Wait.
Wait for me!
Seong-hun!
Where's Mr. Park?
Dad…
I couldn't hang on to the rope.
Oh, no.
Su-chan.
Su-chan!
Su-chan, I'm here!
Dad!
Su-chan!
I'll get you out.
Su-chan.
Dad.
Su-chan. Are you all right?
Where's Mom?
Mom…
Mom's waiting for you at home.
Su-chan, let's go home.
Let's go home.
Where's Seong-hun?
Seong-hun?
Grandma.
Thank you. Are you okay, ma'am?
The boy's hurt.
Pardon?
Ma'am.
You have to come with us.
Go on.
Please come with us.
Ma'am…
What's the situation?
Rain is filling up all over the building.
Mr. Park…
I'm sorry, Seong-hun.
I'm sorry.
I wanted to take you back to your mom.
You must survive.
Ma'am, I'm sorry.
Seong-hun…
Hang in there.
Sweetie, hold on tight.
Are you okay?
Dad.
Hold on tight.
What was that?
Man-su!
Mr. Park?
Seung-hyeon! Hey!
Man-su!
Seung-hyeon!
501…
501!
Man-su!
Seung-hyeon!
-Man-su!
-Where is he? This way.
Seung-hyeon!
Man-su!
Over there.
Mr. Park! Sir!
-What do we do?
-Mr. Park!
-Hold on.
-Are you okay?
Seung-hyeon!
Su-chan.
-Are you okay?
-Su-chan. Pass us the boy.
Come here.
Watch his head.
-Su-chan!
-Oh my goodness.
Su-chan, are you okay?
-Good evening…
-Hey.
Please help!
Pull.
You are alive!
Mr. Park!
You are alive! Thank God.
Hurry. Water's filling up.
What is that? Why is that here?
Will it fall right on top of us?
It's barely hanging on.
Water will fill up soon.
What to do…
What do we do?
This is it! We have to use this!
Find anything that will float.
Anything that floats.
Seung-tae. Hey!
We're gonna live. We'll live!
That's on a whole other level!
Everyone, gather around!
This is it. The submarine.
The Beatles, "Yellow Submarine."
Dad. Where's the cap?
There's no cap?
Cap…
-There!
-Is that it?
Give me that.
Lift it. One, two, three!
-It fits.
-This is it.
It fits.
-Put Su-chan inside.
-Okay.
Get him inside.
One, two!
Su-chan, come here.
-Seung-hyeon.
-Okay.
-Be careful.
-Dad.
Get in.
Seung-tae.
Careful.
Hey, 501, get in.
-Man-su, hop in.
-Dad, get in.
Hey, I'll catch up soon.
What?
If everyone gets in,
who will put this cap on?
Dad! No!
-Man-su!
-Sir!
Dad!
No! Dad!
Seung-tae, I'll join you.
Dad!
-Sir!
-Dad!
-Man-su!
-Sir!
-Sir…
-No! Man-su!
-Dad!
-Man-su!
-Sir!
Dad!
No! Open it!
Dad! Open the cap!
Seung-tae, you okay?
I think we're stuck on something.
We need to free it!
-Jump!
One, two, three!
-One, two, three!
-We did it!
-Okay!
Eun-ju, push!
Push! Harder!
We're free!
Plug it!
What the hell happened?
Water is leaking in!
Help!
-Help us!
-Help!
-Help! Please!
Help!
Over here!
Please! Help!
Help!
-Help us!
-Help!
Look. What's that?
Chief, I see someone.
They're alive. They're alive!
-Dad!
-Man-su!
Is everyone okay?
Man-su!
-Good evening…
-Hey, there.
Dad!
Seung-tae, we're saved!
EMERGENCY RESPONSE TEAM
Where the heck is it?
-Can't you call him?
-He said it's here with a Han River view.
We are literally at the Han River.
This isn't a spot for a home.
No, it's definitely not a spot for a home.
Mr. Park!
Seung-hyeon! Look!
They only bought toilet paper?
This is your home?
-This is a home?
-It sure is.
Han River view today,
Mount Namsan view tomorrow.
The beach on the weekend.
A newlywed home that can go anywhere.
We've got everything.
We have a bed, a fridge and a stove too.
It really has everything.
Very nice.
But even so, a home should be stationary
and a place you stay for a decade or two.
Sure thing.
Don't be happy in ten years.
-Be happy today.
-Our love is forever!
-That's great.
-This is our philosophy.
We're using our savings
to travel to the North Pole.
There's barely any food to drink with.
They deliver here too.
Do you want to get take out?
Take out?
Mud-roasted chicken.
Oh, my God!
Watch.
Don't be scared, you chickens!
Come over here.
I got scared for nothing.
Look how great my home is.
This is really nice.
-I wish we could live here too.
-Come on.
This is nice.
This is great!
Subtitle translation by: Cho Taehee